# June 1 2017

## Attendance:
-	Sayan
-	Barbara
-	Hisham
-	Mingzhi
-	Scholar
-	Alisa
-	Susan

## Considerations:
EEG perspective
-	Collecting data or find existing data
    -	EEG data for emotions for non-disabled people.
    -	^ will such data be comparable?
        - If not, we will have to record our own data.
-	If we find somebody with EEG recordings with people w/ autism etc., we can directly ask lab to use their data
-	Look into administrative considerations for ethics

- Assumption: Physiologically, emotions have a similar phenotype.
No matter how you react to a particular “thing”, it should cause a similar physiological response.
Find differences in physiological responses of emotion between

- For machine learning analysis, the data needs to be collected in a specific “way”
    -	i.e. the EEG data must be accurately labeled with an “emotion”
- We will focus on ADHD
    - Finding ground truths:
        - purpose of ground truths: if you try hard enough you can find correlation in anything!
            - ground truths in neuroscience can help us justify results
        - Movement inhibition is found in the supplementary motor cortex
        - DMN explanation?
            - On one hand: @MingZhi DMN has function in many healthy processes
            - On the other: "Individuals with ADHD displayed excessive DMN activity at the fast and slow, but not at the moderate ER"
                - https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25314265
            - need more research to find ground truths
                - and machine learning as well

## Next Meeting: Thursday, June 8th
- Collect as many studies and EEG studies as possible.
- Studies of physiological effects of emotions or learning processes in people

### Tasks:
- Lit review about neurological and physiological reactions to feeling different emotions/mind states (ie is our big assumption correct?)
    - Assigned to: Susan
-  Find what's already being done to help students with learning disabilities (focus on ADHD but feel free to wander a bit ... this stage is quite exploratory) in literature
    - Assigned to: Jay
-  Find EEG data sets of emotions and mind states during learning etc
    - Assigned to: MingZhi, Hisham
